It's a pity that a waste with no money and no power
How to protect your women and children
Longjing Tian, if I were you
I've already hit my head to death
You useless dog shakes your head when you see it
Bah
Let you have nothing to do
You deserve Dong Jingtian, why are you bragging?
Now seeing our mother and daughter humiliated like this
Are you happy?
No stars
Why do you think of me so much?
Ouch, this is a coax, right?
Ye Fanxin already knew why he had to start today.
If it weren't for your unmarried daughter
How did it end up like this?
Be a woman for your sake
What a shame!
Bah trash shut up
Today's humiliation, I will definitely return it to the head of the family
8 million gift delivered
I hope they apologize to my wife and kids.
I'm not wrong.
Also apologize
Daydream, you and I put the words here today
If you don't apologize
Chance to see Long Shuai next week
I promise you will lose
Liu Jingtian, who do you think you are?
You are just a dog on duty beside Long Shuai
It's just that Long Shuai has already given us Ye
The family has sent a meeting notice.
DingTalk on the board
You think you can cancel it with just one word?